Intro: The Force Before Darkness

From Chaos They Came

Satan, lord of the fire burning from the stars and the torch of its secrets 
Sounds of your blood descend from the heavens like a ship in the sea of the ocean of stars 

Dark force spawning - cosmic eagle
Planet ocean - mountain altar

Your light shines in the shadows, of the chaos in darkness where a planet is born 
Wings of the bird land on the earth,comes as a lord..
Lord of the sea

Dark force spawning - cosmic eagle 
Planet ocean - mountain altar 

Dry land, rise from the oceans and the mountains are formed as a lair for the gods.
Titans with the feathers of a bird and the scales of a snake land on the soil.

Dark force spawning - cosmic eagle 
Planet ocean - mountain altar 

Raining fire from the birds over earth!


Wings of Anu

Satan's forces, one of dark skies
Into blackness with blind eyes
Wings of shadows from the heavens 
Craft of reptile blowing fire

Wings of Anu 
Wings of Anu

Oceans dying,mountains rising 
Stars are falling back to Earth
Solar eagle of creation 
Dropping life seeds into soil

Wings of Anu 
Wings of Anu

Gods, masters of light,Blood shall mix with the earth.
Lords, rulers of life. Flesh shall mix with the earth.

Creatures of the moonlight spawning from the life seed
Starlight shining wisdom, secrets of creation 
Those from the heavens went to the earth 
Planet of the reptiles, glory of the universe

Wings of Anu
Wings of Anu

Gods, masters of light. Blood shall mix with the earth.
Lords, rulers of life. Flesh shall mix with the earth.


Vortex from the Celestial Flying Throne of Storms

Shining stars in blasphemy
Moonless skies in the black

Element of earth, fire and wind
Raise from the ashes of the dying son
Rivers of blood flowing from skies
Cult of the stars where the third shines

Blackened winds, cosmic storms
...where the dragon flies to moons

Element of earth, fire and wind
Raise from the ashes of the dying son
Rivers of blood flowing from skies
Cult of the stars where the third shines

Kings of the rising sun - Lords of the fallen son
Temple of the blood red moon - Rising with the force of hate
Lord of the southern wind - keeper of the darkest tongue
Ocean of the poison gods - Venom of the gods arise

Born from the fire of Satan's sun
Wickedest of the blackest blood
Lord of all stars and the cosmic throne
Kingdom of fire and fire shall burn!

Lizard soars with wings of fire
Anunnaki, bird of heaven

Element of earth, fire and wind
Raise from the ashes of the dying son
Rivers of blood flowing from skies
Cult of the stars where the third shines


A Black Aeon Shall Cleanse

Black serpent dragon soaring through the sky, dark ancient master of the night
Majesty of gold with poison for wine, from the abyss you shall rise

Aeon of the black star, age of the pharoh
Essence of the gods is shed with blood

Orbit from the south of Anzu, spawned from the waters of Abzu
fire breathing gods of the stars, planet in the path of their wings

Aeon of the black star, age of the pharoh
Essence of the gods is shed with blood

Blowing winds of the south storm at the rise of the first dawn
Demon wind for six days moaning for the six nights
Cleansing of an ancient race, deities of new beginning
Flooding the mortal ones, pyramids are rising

Aeon of the black star, age of the pharoh
Essence of the gods is shed with blood

Master, in your name drink the blood
Veil over the black moon falls with stars
Satan is the force that flies
Darkness is the light from the its throne


The Flames of Infinite Blackness Before Creation

Far before
When time began
Those who came from heavens to earth
far before
When darkness shined
Those who came from heavens to earth

Far beyond
Where stars were born
Those who came from heavens to earth
Far beyond
Where creation dies
Those who came from heavens to earth

Blackest of cosmos, deepest horizons
Vortex of stars, spirals of fire
Distant lone star, fading away
Gods of creation igniting the skies
Moons of the planets, tombs of the sky
Streams from the poison gas clouds in cosmos
Craft of the gods like the black dragon
Flying through the portals, into the sun


Mystical Blood

Gates to the stars and mystical moons
Solitude spheres and flames of the sun
Tongues of the snake carry me far
Into the endless cosmic abyss

Lord of all power, secrets and law
Heaven and earth spawned by your blood
Darkness and light, seeds of the temple
Torches of Satan illuminate earth

Crown of the dark one on head of the goat
Claw of the eagle carries the soul
This is my temple, a forest in blackness
Enter the cosmos, vessel of death

Mystical blood... Mystical blood...


Through the Divine Spirit of Satan a Glorious Universe Is Known	

Through the darkness of skies and the aging of stars I shall rise as king
Flourish from the one I shall seize the sun, I am mighty as fire
I am chanting to thee, lord inferno and king, ignite the flame
Journey through stars is a journey afar in the cauldron of black

As the wisdom of one is the wisdom of mine, I raise the the flame
Cosmic bodies above floating like gods, masters of the gods
Serpent of the skies, lizard of the suns, thy creator of time
As I sign the pact and draw the seal I bleed for thee

So it is done as I summon the moon and grasp the sun
Water in my hand and soil from tombs for infernal pact
Fire fills the sky and lights the night as I chant the hymn
Oh powerful one, oh lord of supreme I hail thee


Bloodshed Across the Empyrean Altar Beyond the Celestial Zenith

The ancients have left us with majestic writings about the chaos in the universe, and how the interstellar battlefield can be seen as a war among the cosmic bodies across the astral canvas of space. A cosmic collision or impact being in essence an act of one God cleansing old territory or a massive black hole acting as the great Satan consuming what should be eliminated as an almost metaphorical act of war as one cosmic object destroys the other, and the laws of the universe reign a throne to the victor through its own form of violent bloodshed.

In human context, sacrifice can carry you to a further plane, or a higher plane of existence expanding your own universe. Shedding ones blood for territory or a higher plane of existence in this life or the afterlife is nothing more than a parallel of what the universe does through its cosmic war for its own expansion, for its throne, for its place.

However, the greatest expansion is when we expand our universe through spiritual bloodshed. The mind is the microcosm and inner space of the outer space, the extension of the chaos and wars among the gods all around us. Within our mind, our mental space, we are living the quantum mechanics and the controlled chaos of space which are the laws of gods; other times we are an extension of the chaos theory where nothing is predictable and where chaos does not mean disorder; it is simply a means of order towards something greater; it is what the laws dictate, it what the gods dictate.

....because we are in preparation to join this ocean of stars. Those who came here and seeded us gave us a spirit that emulates space itself, and DNA that is essentially space dust; prepare us and show us what is beyond the zenith when we return to what was the force before darkness.


Power from the Center of the Cosmic Black Spiral

Cosmic wars of ancient ones, temples flood in a lake of blood
Portal to a distant star, astral cave from where they flew
Shining rays through astral caves, darkness opens to the eyes
Forest of gleaming stars, ancient rays of wizard fire

Smash those of the gleaming light
Blast feeble temples of sand
God rise as pillars crumble
Blessed sacred those of the night

Golden stars that shine - stellar rays on towers - in the heavens spawning - serpents from the thrones
From the dust of stars - gods unleash the slaves - bring them down to earth - as servants to the realm
Creatures from the lands - where the lizards fly - and fire is the breath - turning into stars
Constellations form - into cryptic symbols - guiding those who fly - through the astral sea

Serpent of the sun, spiral in the skies... burning
Power from the law of nature and the gods... rising
Eagle from the stars with the skin of snakes... flying
Distant cosmic eyes in the form of stars... gleaming


A Magnificent Crypt of Stars

Voices of the dying stars
Choirs from the end of time
Hymns are sung to honor death
To the future it shall sing

Flesh, blood - mortal soul
Fire stars, master's soul

When the starless sky is open
In the real of cosmic time
Ash of bones are dust of stars
...to the stars my flesh returns

Flesh, blood - mortal soul
Fire stars, master's soul

...and the moon is red
...and the kingdom won
...with the force of Bune
Attack!

...and the moon is bright
...and the kingdom won
...with the force of fire
Attack!

Cosmic eyes is serpent's eyes

Universe of time and space
Fire reigns upon his throne
Where the universe is lord
Mortal's are the ash bones

Flesh, blood - mortal soul
Fire stars, master's soul


Outro: The Invocation of the Absolute, the All, the Satan

Coda: Hymn to the Cosmic Zenith