Exercises in Futility I

The great truth is there isn't one 
And it only gets worse since that conclusion 
The irony of being an extension to nothing 
And the force of inertia is now a vital factor 

And there is despair underneath each and every action 
Each and every attempt to pierce the armour of numbness 
Burning bridges becomes a habit to support 
And the front line expands like there's no tomorrow 

I envy the maggots 
Their stuff at least sticks together 
Better than laudations of misinformed seers 
And those are lengthy annals of shame that we work with 

It's like dumping dead meat at the brink of Styx 
With a barge that we made of what was left of Yggdrasil 
After veterans of spiritual revolts were done with their armchairs 
And I don't even remember which brink is which 

The odour of sanctity is just refined stench of existence 
Shining pearl of Augeas' crown pales in comparison 

And there is despair underneath each and every action 
Each and every attempt to pierce the armour of numbness 
Burning bridges becomes a habit to support 
And the front line expands like there's no tomorrow 

The grotesque eagles of misfortune, well fed on thanatos, sit still 
It's the dignity of scavengers at the ever growing garbage dump of life 

There is something about the rigid posture of a proper, authentic blind 
As if extended arms reached to pass his blindness onto others





Exercises in Futility II

There is a style in total denial 
A certain elegance of fear 
Hesychasm is so much convenient 
With the desert within ourselves 

Stray dogs lead disciples of Oedipus 
As the shrouds gently cover 
Exquisite paroxysms of ruin 
And well mannered choking on nothingness 

Nether 

The cracks in soma, psyche and pneuma 
Are as one way mirrors 
It's one well lit desert 
And the pyres extend beyond the horizon 
And cold flames flicker upon ashes of hope 

Through hallways carved in a crystal 
On to the uttermost parts of the pit 
Jostling through cadavers of former selves 
You would swear there's amusement in the eyes of the dead 

Again, nether 

A reward for the perseverant: 
Unceasing howling of the heart 
Bound to walk this path 
Nether, again, nether - now and forever 

I wish it was classic fire and brimstone 
But clearly there is a very special plan 
Paved with havoc and shattered virtues 
As if there were any other paths 

With every dream 
The pyres grow taller 
An enemy of trust 
A misled scholar 
Stray philanthrope 
In vain endeavor 
Walk this path 
Now and forever







Exercises in Futility III

We hold an honorary degree in natural science 
For stratigraphy of rock bottom 
The layers were aplenty, as above, so below 
But mostly below 

The research is vast, thorough and firsthand 
And it's a broad array of sources 

For the complete guide to spiritual asshole of the world 

A tour in words, sounds and pictures 
Of the true south of nadir 

Through burial grounds for broken dreams and crippled souls 
The graves are shallow 
We would dig them up with our bare hands 
Just to rise above for a split second 
And see them basked in the light of a dead sun 
Beneath the sky of shit 
And then take notes 
Meticulously 

We would consume deathbed confessions 
Create a language of fading words 

For this night is without end 

We would compute dynamics of grief 
And logic of venom, and we would listen 
As history is written on cold skin of prophets 
With vulture claws soaked in rat saliva 

For this night is without end






Exercises in Futility IV

Some are born without a purpose 
Other than prolonged demise in ornate ways 
Most of the time it's pathetic, quick and useless 
And good neighbours don't bother digging up the graves 

It's rows upon rows of kings, whores and pawns 
And the storm is rolling 
The vengeful and the bitter reach out for their fix 
Rebels never realized that their angst was a mockery 

Every empire 
Every nation 
Every tribe 
Thought it would end 
In a bit more decent way 

It is an unlikely alliance of assorted failures 
Various degrees of deceit, doomsday prophets 
The clenched teeth, the vinegar down the veins 
A stylish pit right next to Judas, Brutus and Cassius 

Every empire 
Every nation 
Every tribe 
Thought it would end 
In a bit more decent way 

Every prophet 
Every ruler 
Every seer 
Will chew on this ruin 
And repeat ad nauseam






Exercises in Futility V

Blessed be the tailors 
The masks are cut to fit 

Blessed be the woodworkers 
The crosses and the gallows 

Blessed be the forgers of iron 
And the spikes and the barbwire 

Blessed be the stone cutters 
It took a quarry to bury the dreams 

Blessed be the misery, the filth, the discord and the horror 
Blessed be the lies, the guilt, the fear, the woe and the betrayal 
For these ones didn't need any outside source 
For these ones come from within 

And here it is 
Grown from within 
An invincible stronghold 
Adorned with death 

A suit of shining armour 
Replaced the skin 
And calligraphed sins 
Are as coat of arms 

Hollow






Exercises in Futility VI

As if you didn't know how it feels to lose.
As if you didn't know how it feels to lose at dice with fate.

At least have some dignity.

As if it wasn't a lifetime spent on connecting the dots,
there was no pattern.
As if the irony was more than a defense mechanism
and we could actually laugh for a change.
As if steel hooks in our backs were more than a nuisance
and we could actually feel something.

Self crucified - missed the right tree.
Tore the wrong eye out.
The hissing of hellfire.
Self crucified - missed the right tree.
For this I've gained a victory.
I burn as I ought to.

As if everything was to be made right one day,
dreams don't come true for people like us.
As if the gods were bored with peace in our hearts 
and their fingers are itchy.
As if we never broke people out of sheer boredom 
and slept calmly among the wastes.

And then, we see bright and clear.

As if we would be someone else,
while mindlessly wandering through the mountains.
As if we would be someone better,
spelling purgatory in Latin alphabet.

Self crucified - missed the right tree.
Tore the wrong eye out.
The hissing of hellfire.
Self crucified - missed the right tree.
For this I've gained a victory.
I burn as I ought to.

As if all this was something more 
than another footnote on a postcard from nowhere, 
another chapter in the handbook for exercises in futility...